adding health check to FAQ (#211)
skedgo/tripgo-api: docs/faq.md

---

## Health check

> How can I check whether the service is working?

> You can to that by quering our [`regions.json`](/#tag/Configuration%2Fpaths%2F~1regions.json%2Fpost) endpoint, adding the `X-TripGo-HealthCheck` heather:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can to that by querying the [`regions.json`](/#tag/Configuration%2Fpaths%2F~1regions.json%2Fpost) endpoint, adding the `X-TripGo-HealthCheck` header:
```

What is the expected response when it's working? Just an empty 200 OK? Is the body in the request necessary or can it be omitted?
